Fix GH actions (#14)
zeptofs/bsb_nz: README.md

```bash
"!!! Data file changed. please update GEM VERSION !!!"
```

### Troubleshooting Failed GH Actions
A GH PAT is required to provide write access to the repo from the create-pull-request step.

> When an error similar to this follow is thrown on the GH action it indicates the PAT has expired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an error similar to the following is thrown on the GH action it indicates the PAT has expired.
```

```
remote: Permission to zeptofs/bsb_nz.git denied to github-actions[bot].
````

> Contact SRE to re-generate the bzb_nz_gh_actions PAT on the sa-zp-ops-pipelines service account and update the ACTIONS_GITHUB_TOKEN secret on this repo

Reviewer: This repo is public. We could remove this comment, but given:
- BSB's aren't recognised as such in NZ (they're just part of account numbers)
- We only use it for internal validation purposes, and
- When I say "we", I mean almost zero public interest/activity

Then we could make the whole repo private (and keep the comment).
